add support for partial updates (#27)
yunojuno/elasticsearch-django: README.rst

There is a **VERY IMPORTANT** caveat to the signal handling. It will **only** pick up on changes to the model itself, and not on related (``ForeignKey``, ``ManyToManyField``) model changes. If the search document is affected by such a change then you will need to implement additional signal handling yourself.

> In addtion to ``object.save()``, SeachDocumentMixin also provides the ``update_search_index(self, action, index='_all', update_fields=None, force=False)`` method. Action should be 'index', 'update' or 'delete'. The difference between 'index' and 'update' is that 'update' is a parial update that only changes the fields specified, rather than re-updating the entire document. If ``action`` is 'update' whilst ``update_fields`` is None, action will be changed to ``index``. 

Reviewer: Couple of spelling errors here, and then I think we are done. 

```suggestion
In addition to ``object.save()``, SeachDocumentMixin also provides the ``update_search_index(self, action, index='_all', update_fields=None, force=False)`` method. Action should be 'index', 'update' or 'delete'. The difference between 'index' and 'update' is that 'update' is a partial update that only changes the fields specified, rather than re-updating the entire document. If ``action`` is 'update' whilst ``update_fields`` is None, action will be changed to ``index``. 
```
